This is the LG Optimus that has a phone
which costs more than 500 euros in the store
and this is also the nexus 4 of lg and
it costs slightly less than in the store
400 euros
But why would you want your name better?
spend money for almost the same
phone
that takes care of it
just to start with a difference
between these two phones that are huge
catches the eye
that is the difference in design the nexus
4 has some rounder shapes and the
optimistic
yes that is simply a bit more angular one
Another difference, of course, is that below
the screen at the optimistic
allowing touch sensitive buttons
Nexus 4 is not like that but there are
also huge similarities in such
they are both made of glass
both from the front and the back
and with both is at the back too
to see a pattern even though that neighborhood
with both phones that is off and it is one
kind of you holographic pattern if you
the soul holds him in the light
reflect and that is very cool
effect at least if you like it
and other elements in the design that
deviates
that is the bulge at the back
for the camera
and that is very clearly noticeable too
if in your pocket
if you leave your hand in your pocket
disappear to grab your phone then
You notice that it is actually best
annoying and that is because lg for it
has chosen in 13 megapixel camera
to put this phone there is
also a version with an 8 megapixel
cameras under bulge and what us
that is just the same for the Netherlands for the Netherlands
be able to choose well
this optimist has that hardware
some things for the nexus 4 like that
for example , the optimistic has one
FM radio that does not have in Nexus
supports the optimist see also 4g and
that seems now or not so important but
if you have been using a telephone for 2 or 3 years
yes it can also be pretty important
be becomes 4g network and those are coming
all in our country and kpn already has it
and third the optimus that has 32i
go internal memory storage memory to
nexus 4 has a maximum of 16 and at the
phone too we do not have expandable
memory so you are really committed to it
that is the 16 crazy stra of the optimus
title very nice
another big difference is the software
the nexus 4 yes that is of course one
Google phone therefore always runs on the
latest version of android and
will be the first to receive updates
so that's very nice that's something you
of LG phones generally do not
can say because lg updates and phone
only rarely is there long
unclear and updates coming slow
within
so for that matter you are sitting a bit
stuck to the android 4 point one point two
that stands up
lg has also added its own skin
and that is characterized by that year
quite a few features such as
once the notification bar completely different
it is actually quite busy
torres at the top of the round are cue slide
apps that is a very striking name
for it actually kind of a widget
to be
a small applications that you on top
can paste the screen for
for example a quick one
calculator
underneath is another slider around the
adjust brightness and below
stands a bar with time date and one
button to the settings
so that means when you get in the phone
landscape actually loves you
hardly have more room left for
what the notification bar is for
namely notifications that is only one
of the points showing this
quite a heavy skin is another
distinctive element of the lg skin
that is skeuomorphism
and that is a difficult word for things
that are digital but on analogue matters
should look like the switches are on
turn things on and off
those are really switching like we are in it
really look like
and also when you add things to a folder
yes then it seems like a hold
file folder he is also yellow he opens
he closes and things like that
you notice that lg
yes that skin just a bit like
arrange that it resembles analogue matters
you have to love
one of the things on which this optimist
that performs best
that is the battery life has a 21 100
million per battery and partly due to apparently
optimizations in the software or the
snapdragon s4 pro processor that is in it
sit
actually it really good he
lasts 16 hours with heavy use that is
so a full day that is as much as
a full the htc one of the galaxy note
2 and that is quite a decent one
performance to new both larger battery
perhaps consumption is the battery consumption
also
easily more than limited
five days
with that he is also in the top of all
our lists and that is a good one
performance for their phone like this
one of the things in which the nexus 4 is one
optimist who are the same that's it
screen comes with a 4.7 once eps LCD with
a resolution of 1280 by 768
that is indeed not 7020 pixels in the
in width that makes the image
slightly wider than with many others
telephones different
I'm pretty nice the screen is too
very nice in both cases it is
sharp
the good contrast is good the colors
look beautiful its best naturally
in short, that is all very well
the only point on which he big
lags behind phones this year
came true
yes that is the resolution a lot
other phones have mails full HD
1920 by 1080 pixels and that has this one
so not optimistic and you can see that
solid even though it is the difference with this one
resolution is not that big
the camera that is said to be a 13
here is the megapixel camera
back with a single LED
flash
it must be said that makes pretty sharp
pictures as the light conditions
well we are the color is beautiful
enough detail in short that is best
beautiful pictures
but as soon as the light becomes less than
it quickly becomes less and that comes
because the sensor size is the same as
that 8 megapixel cameras
pixels are smaller so less can
capture light and that makes it like it
what is darker is that he soon
late and that's quite a pity
both the optimus die and the nexus 4
came in many in November last year
countries
there are now widely available in
although the nexus 4 never in the Netherlands
came out
seen as just being in the price
for sale and for the 130 euros extra that already
he asks for the optimus gee
you actually only get 4g and 16
gigabyte extra but you are not
always assured of the newest
Android version that does have the Nexus 4
that actually makes the optimist here
a little attractive phone for that
many people
because it is simply too expensive and too late